
# Player

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **kotlin.String** | The unique identifier for the Player entity. | 
**uniqueId** | **kotlin.String** | The unique ID of the Player that can be provided by customers or generated by us. | 
**name** | **kotlin.String** | The name of the player | 
**username** | **kotlin.String** | Username of the player | 
**email** | **kotlin.String** | Email of the player | 
**avatar** | **kotlin.String** | Avatar URL of the player | 
**customProps** | [**kotlin.Any**](.md) | Custom props for player | 
**lastSeen** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) | The date when player was active last time | 
**accountId** | [**java.math.BigDecimal**](java.math.BigDecimal.md) | The unique identifier of the account that the Player belongs to. | 
**projectId** | **kotlin.String** | The unique identifier of the project that the Player is associated with. This allows developers to organize their players by project and helps with tracking and reporting. Example: Player Jack is associated with project Fortnite. | 
**createdOn** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) | The date when the player was created. | 
**modifiedOn** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) | The date when the player was last modified. | 
**createdBy** | [**java.math.BigDecimal**](java.math.BigDecimal.md) | The Id of the user who created the player. | 
**modifiedBy** | [**java.math.BigDecimal**](java.math.BigDecimal.md) | The Id of the user who last modified the player. | 
**isCreateWallet** | **kotlin.Boolean** | Boolean value indicating whether the player has wallet or not | 



